Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/resetUserVar.md

## Usage
```
$resetUserVar[variableName;(userID)]
```

### Parameters
- `variableName` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name of the variable to reset.

> - `userID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Optional)` : The user to reset the variable for, if no user is provided, then the variable is reset for everyone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `variableName` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The name of the variable to reset.
- `userID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The user to reset the variable for. If no user is provided, the variable will be reset for **everyone**.
```
